OSDOCS-14809: Capacity Reservations in ROSA HCP (#100445)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-objects.adoc

|--additional-security-group-ids <sec_group_id>
|The identifier of one or more additional security groups to use along with the default security groups for this machine pool. For more information on additional security groups, see the requirements for _Security groups_ under _Additional resources_.

ifdef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
|--capacity-reservation-id

> |The ID of a Capacity Reservation already purchased with AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The ID of a pre-purchased AWS Capacity Reservation.
```
